(upbeat music playing)
ABBY: Coming up, we count down
the most outrageous moments
from this season of Dance Moms.
I pay your bills.
ABBY: All the shocking fights.
Take the crown and shove it up your ass.
How many times
has daughter beat your daughter?
ABBY: And freak outs.
I guarantee you she will beat
their ass wearing a (bleep) leotard.
I can't stand her.
She does not have weapons, just her mouth.
From the show you have to see to believe.
Five, six, seven, eight.
SINGER: ♪ Party, party, party ♪
♪ Never stop the madness
keeps away the sadness ♪
♪ Oh, there's never ever quite enough ♪
CATHY: If Vivi comes to me and says
that she wants to play softball,
I'll probably slit my wrists.
SINGER:
♪ Party, party, party, party, party ♪
CHRSTI: They looked like prosti-tots.
SINGER: ♪ Party, party ♪
♪ We'll party, party ♪
SINGER: ♪ Get up, get on the floor ♪
♪ My world is with my girls ♪
♪ Living on the dance floor ♪
♪ Get up, get on the floor ♪
Everyone is replaceable
and anything is possible.
I'm in the business of making stars,
and these moms are the biggest roadblock.
As we count down
to the single most outrageous moment
from this season of Dance Moms,
you will see these ladies
can be catty, opinionated,
and a pain in my butt.
For their kids to be stars,
they need to follow my rules.
Otherwise, these girls might as well
stick to the school talent show.
The 15th most outrageous moment.
If it was up to me,
I wouldn't take any mothers
on a trip with me.
They can just stay home.
But if they are gonna come,
then they're going to be mothers.
They need to do their jobs.
Christi should have done
Chloe's hair and makeup,
put her costume on,
sewed her headpiece into her head.
But what did she do?
She went to the bar to have a drink.
Check it out.
("15 Minutes of Fame"
by Josephine playing)
Good turn, good job.
SINGER: ♪ My 15 minutes of fame ♪
Her headband's falling
in front of her face.
Oh, my God.
She can't even see right now.
SINGER: ♪ 15 minutes of fame ♪
♪ I want it, I want it ♪
You, you, you, get on stage.
You, I will deal with later.
Go.
CHRISTI: What's your deal?
ABBY: We need to talk.
It came forward.
What did you want me to do?
You were at the bar having a drink
and her headpiece is falling off.
Her headpiece didn't fall off,
-it came forward.
-ABBY: Yes, it did. Whatever.
-It didn't fall on the stage.
-Whatever.
-She's fine.
-It's my number. It's my name.
-It was fine.
Abby, mistakes happen. We're human.
You are.
Mistakes like that don't happen to me.
I'm not gonna have you treat me like this.
I'm an adult.
Act like one.
-Get the headpiece right.
-You act like one.
You're screaming at me
in front of all these people.
You screwed up.
If you're gonna come on the trip,
she's yours.
Stay out of the bar,
stay in the dressing room,
when she goes on stage,
the headpiece is sewed in the head.
Do you understand?
Next time, have it right.
-Yeah.
-I'm not gonna put up with it.
Remember, I pay your bills.
You work for me.
I pay you to teach my daughter dancing.
I'm not gonna have you treat me like this.
-That's right.
-This conversation is over.
I'm done.
ABBY: Number 14.
Kelly's children have been
at my studio since they were born.
And Brooke has had beautiful
pieces choreographed for her,
as well as Paige.
I do their numbers.
I've always done the numbers.
But you know what?
I'm sick and tired of yelling at her kids.
So if she wants to go get a choreographer
to work with them,
go ahead, and see how much it costs her.
So this week in Los Angeles,
I took it in my own hands
and I'm hiring Paige
her own choreographer.
I think Abby just kind of pushes her aside
and I wanted to try to get her
some better choreography
-that will work for her.
-Totally.
We're really short on time.
I think she's a little nervous about that.
Well, we'll work
at whatever pace you need.
And I've danced with Lady Gaga,
Kesha, Adam Lambert.
So you're in good hands.
KELLY: Show Miss Abby that, look,
I learned this cool dance without you.
That's what you need to show her.
When I enter a competition,
those are my numbers.
Those are my routines.
I am not going to let Paige turn around
and do some other choreographer's routine
that I've never even seen
before under my name.
Not going to happen.
I'm not gonna put somebody on my stage
that I haven't even seen
their dance under my name.
KELLY: They love to be
in the group numbers.
They want to be with their friends.
They want to be with you.
But if you do that,
then you're not a part of the group.
If you register your kids
as an independent,
they can't be part of the group.
KELLY: Abby, all's want is for my kids
to get good choreography.
For you to be unhappy
with your choreography is a joke.
And I have done brilliant work for her,
adorable work.
People call me after the competitions.
I want that music.
Oh, where did you get that costume?
And now, suddenly,
she's gonna find something better?
KELLY: I don't know.
I mean, just that one little thing
to make them feel special.
But I wasn't put on this Earth
to make her feel special.
I was put on this Earth to make her dance.
Kelly just doesn't get it.
Her kids do not pick up quickly.
And she thinks that if she had somebody
to work with her kids
every single week for a half an hour
that their solos
would be winning like Maddie's.
And I taught her a great routine.
You didn't even look at it.
KELLY: I hired those choreographers
yesterday.
ABBY: Right.
And they didn't have enough time
to finish their dances.
ABBY: You wanted an outside choreographer.
I know that, Abby.
You either need to pull out of the groups
and go as an independent
and do the numbers
-and prove me wrong.
-Yeah, but if I was doing it--
And they need you to beat
every other 13-year-old,
and she needs to beat Chloe and Maddie.
It's just blowing up in her face.
KELLY: I'm not doing it to my kids.
I'm not.
Don't cry.
It's all your fault to begin with.
-Can't we just be smart?
-WOMAN: Just pull the number.
ABBY: And now number 13.
Every dancer knows.
Desire, discipline, dedication.
That's what it takes
to make it in this business.
But with these moms,
you can throw that out the window.
How dare they?
They can't even pay
their bills at the studio,
but they can go get Botox?
Guess what tomorrow is?
Kelly's gonna be 40!
(cheering)
I think that what you guys
should do tomorrow
is go get Botox.
-Anybody who's (indistinct)
-(squealing)
Do I look that old?
CATHY: Anybody--well,
right here, anybody who is 40,
start to think about that.
You've got the opportunity
to look better and look younger.
-KELLY: Yeah, I agree.
-Why not take advantage of it?
I'm in. I think we should do it.
CATHY: Here we go.
It looks like a dentist's office.
-Oh.
-I'm not a big fan of the dentist, either.
-Ew.
-I don't like the way it looks.
Oh, my God. Look at those needles.
Oh, I'm scared.
Yeah, I'm very nervous.
I'm afraid of side effects.
Like, they say you can have droopy eyelid
and things like that.
And I'm just hoping
that everything turns out okay.
BOTOX TECHNICIAN: And then frown.
Frown, frown, frown.
It's gonna be three quick pinches.
-You okay?
-BOTOX TECHNICIAN: Two.
CATHY: That was quick.
She has tons of wrinkles
for being only 34.
She really needs help.
CHRISTI: You have tons.
BOTOX TECHNICIAN: Pinch. Ready?
Right between the brows here.
I can't believe how fast it is.
-It's wonderful.
-I know.
That's why people
do it on their lunch hour.
I'll be back tomorrow.
It didn't really even hurt.
I think it hurts more
to get your ears pierced.
I was happily surprised.
So a couple little pricks and off we go.
-That was fun.
-Mm-hmm.
KELLY: I feel bad that
you didn't get it done, though.
I didn't need it, girls.
-But we sure, didn't we, Cathy?
-You sure did. That's right.
KELLY: Never had any intention
of getting Botox until we met her.
CATHY: Yeah, but I can tell you right now,
you are gonna to be junkies with it.
-So you're good.
-Better keep getting Botox.
I don't want anybody
to think I'm Chloe's grandma.
That's right.
With that nose of yours...
(laughter)
ABBY: Number 12.
I was trying to make Cathy
feel like part of the team,
so I asked her to choreograph
a routine for the moms
for the dance concert.
I should have known better.
Check out what happens.
Moms, you are going to be
performing in the show, as well.
(cheering)
Oh, Cathy, you're going
to be the choreographer.
(laughter)
CATHY: You guys are in for trouble.
I was really happy that Abby chose me
to choreograph a moms dance.
My vision is that I give them
very simple choreography
that is going to make them look good
because I'm sure that all of them
have two left feet.
And one and two, sit three, four.
Go five, go six, go seven.
This is so embarrassing.
CHRISTI: We step out on stage
and the lights hit us and
I'm blinded and I'm in the middle
of my worst nightmare.
SINGER: ♪ This chick is here ♪
♪ And if she takes you on her ride ♪
♪ It's a real crazy trip ♪
♪ Those lips, those hips ♪
♪ Beyond compare ♪
♪ That sway so gently as they twist ♪
♪ The moment that she caught my eye... ♪
KELLY: What the hell is she doing?
CHRISTI: What is she doing?
SINGER: ♪ But when she smiled
I must testify ♪
She changed the dance.
CATHY: I pretty much took center stage
and I improvised.
But I think that the moms
probably should have expected
that being a dance teacher,
I was gonna put some of my own thing
into it to jazz it up.
They should have expected that.
And if they didn't, then they got caught
with their pants down.
ABBY: She's doing a solo out there.
What is she doing?
ABBY: We are counting down
to the single most outrageous moment
on Dance Moms.
When you enter my studio,
it is all business.
These moms aren't paying me to babysit,
they're paying me
to make their kids amazing dancers.
Questioning my decisions,
that's not part of the deal.
The 11th most outrageous moment.
When I look at my dancers,
I try to find music and choreography
and a theme that fits that child.
Nia is still trying to find her niche.
So I think it's important that she learn
all different styles of dancing.
Nia understands that.
Nia embraces that.
Her mother does not.
("They call me Laquifa"
by Shangela playing)
SINGER: ♪ They call me Laquifa ♪
♪ The postmodern pim--what? ♪
HOLLY: Why is my daughter
the only one dressed in animal print?
Is this a joke?
All the other girls get feminine,
beautiful, whimsical costumes
that aren't typecasting them.
It is time for me to be direct
and have a heart-to-heart with Abby now.
It's still really unnerving for me
that she's wearing a wig.
It's 2011.
She's wearing a 70s afro wig.
It's the whole idea of just an afro.
It just seems so stereotypical.
It is stereotypical, absolutely.
But it's just like,
she's the token black kid.
I wouldn't use the word token.
I would use the word...
-(indistinct)
-...affluent and special and--
-It doesn't come across that way.
-Listen.
(indistinct) is not going to school
for four years for free
on the Martin Luther King Scholarship
because she's white.
If I send her to an audition,
it's gonna be an ethnic call.
Nobody else is gonna get to go but her.
When they want to hire
an African American kid,
they hire an African American kid.
But when I'm thinking and I'm looking at
Nia,
all of her routines, it seems,
is, like, a jungle theme.
There's a Satan theme.
There's, like--there's a little
undertone of nuance
that is, like, a little bit
of a negativity
that I would just like something
that's a little bit more celebratory.
Well, then you pick the music
and you hire the choreographer
and she can do the number.
Abby, we don't have to go there.
-All I'm trying to say.
-You're going there.
-HOLLY: No, I'm not.
-We don't have a problem.
-HOLLY: Abby.
-When I'm giving her works
for her movements for what she does well,
she doesn't have good feet,
she doesn't have great turnout,
she doesn't straighten her knees,
she's swayback,
I'm telling you very nicely,
pick the music, pick the choreographer.
-Abby, come on. Let's not go there.
-Nobody.
But not one kid pays me 30 grand a year.
And if you do, I will be a lot nicer
and I'll sit down and we can have
a big conference about it.
-Well, you know what?
-But for $250 a month, go somewhere else.
Number 10.
I want costumes
to enhance the performance.
A costume should accentuate the positives
and certainly hide their negatives.
The costumes for Electricity
were perfectly fine.
The kids loved them.
I don't know why the mothers
had a problem with it.
I certainly don't critique
everything they wear.
Take a look. You'll see what I mean.
Nia?
(laughs)
HOLLY: Where's the rest of her costume?
That's it.
We need to spice it up.
-I guess we're going for skin to win?
-ABBY: Yes.
So French twist with the curls on top.
How are we wearing the socks?
ABBY: Two inches above the knee,
bare legs,
and use your double-stick lingerie tape.
I'm gonna give you the stones
when we're finished with the fittings
and you can get stoning them.
So you're good.
You want to send the next girl in, please?
Oh, Lord.
We're headed to Lancaster, Pennsylvania
for a competition.
And it's home of Amish buggies
and bonnets.
Our regular dancewear
would cause a few people
out in Lancaster to have a stroke,
let alone these things.
KELLY: Guys, we gotta wear
stuff like this.
Like, when we were in Phoenix
last weekend,
everybody had outfits on like this.
Oh.
Showing off your sexy little bod.
Just--we want these on the side, I guess?
They look like little tarts.
They do not look like little girls.
KELLY: They don't think of it as,
they're dancing in a bra.
-It's their costume.
-But you know what?
There are people
in the audience who see them,
and they think they're dancing in a bra.
CHRISTI: We've had costumes smaller.
It's that it looks sleazy.
HOLLY: I think it's too sexy.
I absolutely think it's too sexy.
You know what?
Can we not use the word sexy?
Can we just say skimpy?
HOLLY: We could say scandalous.
We could say sassy.
It is still too much for their age.
And she'll be with 800 other kids
that look the same way.
It's just embarrassing for our daughters
to be up there dressed like that.
They look like prosti-tots.
How would your dad feel
about that that costume?
ABBY: You know what?
Until he's here painting
and working and cleaning,
he doesn't get a say.
If you don't like what I'm doing,
go open your own studio.
These moms come to me
because of my credentials
and, of course, my success rate.
But then they want to tell me
how to do my business.
Not gonna happen.
Number nine.
Kelly was my student many years ago.
She was in the original
Abby Lee Dance Company
when I was 14 years old.
Kelly knows me.
She knows that I have
her children's best interests in mind.
I thought it would be a positive
experience to sit the moms down
and kind of critique
their kids one at a time, but no.
Kelly had to go off the deep end.
Here. Check it out yourself.
Brooke.
I am disappointed in the group routines
with the ability to comprehend.
You saw it yesterday.
If I was their mother,
I would have crawled into a hole.
She's 13 years old
and was not picking up quickly.
They're slow.
They don't pick up quick.
KELLY: Walk through it
step-by-step with them.
We're not trying to be Maddie and Chloe.
Neither one of my kids want to be them.
But why do you want
your kids to be mediocre?
Because that's the way my kids are.
-And I love them the way they are, Abby.
-I disagree. I disagree.
If they're not number one, we don't care.
They're my kids. I love them.
ABBY: I just don't get Kelly.
But you know what?
Smack their heads together, wake them up,
tell them to get on the ball,
quit playing around,
invest in this like it's their future.
This is real life.
You have talented, beautiful children.
Make them own it.
Quit saying they can be mediocre.
You don't mean that.
Who wants a mediocre kid?
I want more.
I want more. I want more.
KELLY: 12 hours a day a dance
and eight hours a day at school.
I mean, my God.
They're kids.
And there's another kid somewhere else
-working 14 hours.
-I'm not gonna have my kid
have a nervous breakdown
because you want them to be the best.
Yeah, but your kid just won another title.
KELLY: Ab, would you like her crown back?
Because you can have it.
-We'll have to talk about that.
-Because she take the crown
and shove it up your ass
cause we don't want it.
ABBY: Our number eight moment
is all about one mom whose sass,
attitude, and bizarre behavior
has kept us guessing the entire season.
It's Miss Candy Apple herself, Cathy.
The number eight most outrageous moment.
The dance industry
is like any other business.
You don't have to get along
with everybody.
You don't have to like everybody.
But when push comes to shove,
you're a team
and you need to work together.
Kelly needed a costume for Brooke.
The costume came in it was awful.
I didn't want her to wear it.
It was my suggestion
that she borrow Vivian's costume
that I drew,
that I sketched, that I had made,
that I paid for.
She put it on. It was all fine.
Cathy played a really dirty trick on her
and asked for it back
right before she went onstage.
So it played with Brooke's psyche,
it played with her emotions,
and it was really
a nasty thing to do to a kid.
Here, take a look.
WOMAN: Where is
Brooke's costume?
Ew.
Brooke's costume is awful.
It was hot pink
and it had red polka dots on it
that were stickers.
It was just terrible.
I don't know how we're gonna
come up with another costume,
but Brooke is not wearing
this costume onstage.
That is just ugly.
-Does it look like 13 to 15 age?
-CATHY: No.
She looks like Pennywise the Clown.
(indistinct chatter)
ABBY: Do you mind if she tries it on?
CATHY: Brooke gets handed her costume.
It is probably the ugliest costume
I have ever seen.
And all eyes fall on Vivi's top.
And all of the sudden,
Brooke is now wearing Vivi's top.
I like the top.
Vivi finally gets a costume
that is a custom-made costume,
and we have to now share.
I'm not happy.
CATHY: I... I thought about it
and I really don't want
Paige... Paige? What's your kid's name?
Move, please.
I don't want Brooke wearing the costume.
I'm sorry, I just... I thought about it...
and I saw you over here floundering
the way you were sewing that...
and it's not going to look
the same tomorrow and...
we just need to come up
with something else.
KELLY: Whatever.
Brooke, take the costume off.
You know what, Cathy?
If you don't want to be part of our group,
don't come to our studio.
CATHY: Kelly, it has nothing to do with--
-Get the costume off. Go.
-CATHY: It was nothing to do with--
My daughter is dancing in three minutes
and you're taking
-the costume off of her back.
-Well, I'm sorry.
I know. And it's ridiculous
-that you guys aren't prepared.
-Whatever, Cathy.
Come here.
You know what? Come out here, Kelly.
-We need to talk.
-KELLY: Leave our studio.
I don't need to leave your studio.
-My daughter has to go onstage.
-CATHY: No. I think we need to talk.
Cathy's way out of line
coming up to me three numbers
before my daughter is going on stage
and having her take her costume off.
And I think it's (bleep).
CATHY: It's ridiculous.
I never saw
such disorganization in all my life.
Yeah, well it isn't
my disorganization, is it?
-But you'll hurt my daughter.
-CATHY: You know what?
I think that from now on,
when Abby insists
on ridiculousness like this,
that you stand up for yourself.
KELLY: Cathy is definitely
not a team player.
She's just looking out
for herself and her daughter.
You're doing it to show Abby something.
-No, I'm not.
-And my daughter gets hurt.
I'm not doing it to show Abby anything.
-It's just that I haven't come...
-Whatever, Cathy.
-...and asked you for costume.
-KELLY: Cathy, just...
-CATHY: How did we even--
-No, but everybody else.
-That's what we do as a group, Cathy.
-CATHY: How did we even come to that?
KELLY: We always share costumes.
I mean, that's what a group is about.
CATHY: They haven't had a new costume
where everybody else (indistinct)
Well, whatever.
Well, why didn't you come to me earlier?
How many new costumes--
So I could've got my costume from Maddie?
Kelly, how many new costumes have you had?
-It doesn't matter.
-Go back to your studio.
CATHY: You know what? I'm not.
I'm here to stay.
-KELLY: Yeah.
-So like it.
-KELLY: Yeah. I don't.
-CATHY: Okay?
-KELLY: And neither does anybody else.
-CATHY: Well, that's your problem.
That's your problem.
You need to like it.
Well, here's your costume,
and you can sew it yourself.
-Hire one of your sewing ladies to sew it.
-Well, I intend to.
She ripped the costume off of her
and she had the audacity
to throw it at me.
No. My daughter is gonna dance
in her leotard and tights,
and I'd like to have one
of your kids from your studio
out there dancing against her
because I can guarantee you
she will beat their ass
-wearing a (bleep) leotard.
-I doubt it. I doubt it.
-Watch.
-I doubt it.
-Let's go.
Your kids all have sickle feet
and it blows my mind
-that's all you hear is sickle feet...
-Yeah. Yeah, Cathy. Sure.
...sickle feet, sickle feet,
and they all have them.
Let's bring your studio
to a competition we go to.
CATHY: You know what? Bring it on, babe.
Bring it on.
-KELLY: Bring it on, Cathy.
-CATHY: Bring it on.
ABBY: This is number seven.
When I see my students
make mistakes on stage,
it upsets me
because I've corrected those mistakes
over and over and over again,
then they get out there
and do the same thing wrong.
That, I don't understand.
When a kid forgets their routine,
they've been trained.
Make up something and keep going.
The show must go on.
(upbeat music playing)
SINGER: ♪ That you're thinking
that you know me ♪
♪ We could do a double take ♪
♪ But we are ♪
♪ The way we are is a mystery ♪
♪ I'm so undercover ♪
♪ You can't see the half of me ♪
♪ It's time to... ♪
(indistinct announcing)
ABBY: Paige was like a deer
in the headlights.
That hasn't happened to me in 25 years.
I was sick to my stomach.
It's humiliating.
(mouthing)
ANNOUNCER:
Give her a nice round of applause.
Make her feel very comfortable.
ABBY: There's no excuse.
You should remain on stage
and continue dancing.
(applause)
(crying)
ABBY: It was humiliating for me
as a teacher, number one.
And number two, she should be humiliated.
Number six.
Cathy thought she would just waltz
right into my dance studio
and have her daughter
Vivi-Anne look like Maddie.
Well, it doesn't work that way.
It takes hard work and determination.
Now she's not gonna go to Vegas,
and I said, hallelujah.
Let's take a look.
We're going from here to Vegas
to Los Angeles, California
and to Lake Tahoe.
CATHY: This is not possible for us.
We did not bargain
for this kind of travel.
I've got committed
things happening at home
for my dance studio, so it's not possible.
We're not doing it.
-ABBY: You don't look very happy.
-Okay, well.
We're not gonna go to Las Vegas.
Okay.
We're getting off the party train.
We just are not gonna be able
to accommodate this.
And there's nobody--like,
your mom can't just bring her, or?
No, no.
And you know that Vivi's not gonna go
with anybody but me anyhow.
I thought maybe your mom.
Yeah, no. She's not gonna do that.
Just not gonna work for us.
ABBY: Hey, everyone's replaceable.
You know that.
CATHY: Yeah. Even dance teachers.
If I'm gonna go on tour,
I'm gonna go on tour with my students
who are winning platinums.
I respect you as a teacher.
I think you're wonderful.
I'm not going to Vegas.
Well, you're a quitter.
Whatever.
It's the people that you just bend over
backwards for,
you give the opportunity to,
you don't stick to your rules,
and this is how it turns out.
ABBY: We've made it to the top five
most outrageous moments
of Dance Moms history,
and they do not disappoint.
I always choreograph creative routines
and highlight my girls.
And I always keep them on their toes.
The number five most outrageous moment.
I am sick and tired
of hearing Holly complain.
Just on, and on, and on, and on, and on.
I want to bring in somebody
to entertain the audience.
I want Nia to see somebody
that's gonna knock her socks off.
Let's meet who I brought in.
Girls, I have a visitor coming to see us,
and she knows everything
about working that stage.
Let's all welcome Laquifa.
(squealing)
LAQUIFA: ♪ Laquifa, the postmodern pimp ♪
♪ They call me Laquifa
the postmodern pimp ♪
♪ And was like, Laquifa, what? ♪
NIA: And she was like, Laquifa, what?
Laquifa, what?
LAQUIFA: ♪ I said what? I said what? ♪
♪ I said I-I-I said what? ♪
HOLLY: I was speechless.
It was quite a moment.
And it was quite an entrance.
ABBY: Woo!
KELLY: I have never seen
a drag queen before.
Woo!
ABBY: I really wanted Holly and Nia
to see Shangela perform
because Nia is a black diva
and I wanted her to see Shangela,
who is the black diva.
Well, hi, everyone.
Today, Miss Abby invited me in here
to tell you guys a little bit
about really working it
when you're out there, right?
CHRISTI: Our kids are fascinated
with Laquifa.
It could be Santa Claus
that walked in that door
and I don't think she would have got--
or he would have gotten
a better reaction than Laquifa.
Maybe I can teach you guys The Death Drop.
Yeah!
The Death Drop really is safe.
You're not falling on your back.
But okay, so here we go.
My paws, da, da, da, da da.
My paws.
Just like that.
And that's the move, okay?
So Nia, on the ending,
we're gonna put that trick in there, okay?
And let me tell you something,
the crowd is going to go wild.
So we're gonna come up.
Then you'll go,
then your hip, hip, hip, hip.
And then wipe.
And then Death Drop. Pow.
Yeah!
You feel good? You're ready. I know you.
HOLLY: I'm like, oh, my gosh.
To be honest with you,
my stomach is in knots.
I have a lump in my throat.
I'm not sure Nia could pull that off.
(pop music playing)
(cheering)
ABBY: Next up, number four.
Christi's daughter Chloe
is a beautiful dancer.
The child holds two titles.
I don't know what more the woman wants.
But when she knocked
on my hotel room door unannounced
and wanted to interrupt my private time,
I let her have it.
CHRISTI: Chloe told me that Abby
has been screaming in her face
and belittling her
and talking to her the way she has--
I will not put up with this anymore.
I can't. I can't.
It is my duty as Chloe's mother
to put an end to it.
There's someone at my door. Hang on.
Okay. All right. Well, let me...
I need to talk to you.
This is rude again. Come on.
We're gonna talk about rude.
ABBY: Christi is rude,
arrogant, and she's clueless.
You're not paying me for this time.
You owe me this time.
I owe you nothing.
You're incredibly rude to my daughter.
All I'm asking you for
is to treat my daughter
with a little bit of respect.
I do every single time.
When you are in the picture,
your child looks at you.
-Because she's afraid of you.
-ABBY: She's like this.
You ask her a question,
she goes like this.
It's like she's competing with you and me
and you and me and you and me.
She is a beautiful dancer.
She's a great kid.
But she looks at you with one eye.
Like this. Scared to death to fail.
Oh, my God. All she does is fail.
All you do is set her up to fail.
-You--
-She's holding two national titles.
You went up--you went backstage
before something and said, be like Maddie.
Who does that to a kid?
Deny it all you want.
-Deny it all you want.
-Why wouldn't you want to be like Maddie?
I want to be like Maddie.
Because Chloe
doesn't need to be like Maddie.
Chloe is Chloe and that is good enough.
-For who?
-CHRISTI: For her.
-Not for you.
-Yes, it is.
Then why are you
so jealous of an eight-year-old?
Oh, my God.
-You should love her unconditionally.
-CHRISTI: I do.
Abby, don't you dare
question my parenting.
I do.
The bottom line is Chloe's at the top
of the pyramid this week.
And what are your expectations for her?
I expect her to win, hands down.
I expect people to be talking about Chloe.
-Okay.
-People should be buzzing about her.
I just want to leave
kind of and move forward
because we're obviously
kind of stuck with each other.
-I agree. I agree.
-I know that you're--
you've said it point blank.
You don't like me.
I said I can't stand you.
I'm not as bitchy as I come across.
ABBY: I saw a more human side of Christi.
She broke down a little bit.
I saw her be a little bit more emotional.
However, I hope I got through to her
that I do have Chloe's best interest
at heart,
she just needs to let me do my job.
Number three.
Cathy may be quirky and even fun at times,
but she just didn't have
what it takes to be on my team.
So she went back
to Candy Apple Dance Center,
grabbed a bunch of her kids,
and showed up to compete against me.
Did she really think
that she was gonna come to L.A.
on my turf and beat me?
I don't think so.
Check it out.
Surprise!
-CATHY: Hi.
-WOMAN: Hello.
-CATHY: Hi, everybody.
-What are you doing here?
Um, I have something for you.
ABBY: Are you, like, here in the hotel?
-Are you at the convention?
-CATHY: I am here at the hotel.
I don't like the hotel.
ABBY: Cathy walks into
our dressing room out of nowhere.
Like, thin air. She shows up.
Suddenly, she's in L.A.
CATHY: I do want to introduce you
to somebody.
This is Justice.
Vivi and Justice
are gonna be doing a duo together,
and I think Mackenzie and Nia,
you guys are gonna be
competing against them.
So that should be pretty interesting.
HOLLY: She was here to challenge us
and to basically
put our noses in and, like,
my kids will do better than you.
I'm here because I remember
a certain somebody
told me to bring it on.
So consider it brought.
Let's bring your studio
to a competition we go to.
You know what? Bring it on, babe.
Bring it on.
-KELLY: Bring it on, Cathy.
-CATHY: Bring it on.
We'd never done it before,
so we wanted to try it and, you know,
just kind of kick around a couple
of new pieces of choreography.
Fresh choreography,
not old, boring, dated choreography.
I, on the other hand,
don't have the philosophy
of just keep using the same
tired stuff because it works.
ABBY: Then she started on my choreography.
Who does that to another professional?
Her daughter didn't know
her right for from her left.
She could do a heel stretch
holding her leg the wrong way. That's it.
I have kids working all over the place.
-I can walk into any--
-And so we've heard.
-Yes.
And I have kids that are working, too.
Name them
because I've never heard of one of them.
Well, I have Loris
who is in New York City.
-Doing what? What show?
-I have Matt--
-Tell me what Broadway show she's in.
-She's not in a Broadway show.
Failure.
ABBY: We are near the top of the pyramid
with our two most outrageous moments
from season one of Dance Moms.
And as you may have guessed,
there are tears, fights,
and a whole lot of crazy.
Here's the number two
most outrageous moment.
Let's face it.
All of the dance moms are a little crazy.
KELLY: (indistinct) I get it!
ABBY: But nothing compares to Dawn.
Check out this sinister minister.
Dawn's daughter was called
into my class for a routine
that she was picked special for.
And she had socks and a t-shirt on.
I don't care if you take them,
I'm going in to kill it.
ABBY: They were to wear tights
and a leotard.
I made two other children
change their clothes
because it's acro.
We're doing a lot on our knees
and they have to be in their bare feet.
May I speak to you a minute?
No, I'm in rehearsal.
DAWN: I want to speak to you.
You don't throw my kid out of class.
I paid for class.
ABBY: She's not dressed appropriately.
DAWN: I'm looking at every single kid
out here, Abby.
They all look like children.
Isn't that crazy
that children look like children?
She's dressed appropriately.
ABBY: You're a minister, act like one.
Yes, I am a minister.
Let's play the Bible game, Abby.
When Jesus saw things
that were wrong, he went after it.
And I'll tell you what.
You're not gonna do this to my kid.
Out of the room. Out.
Out. Reagan, goodbye.
-Out. Out.
-DAWN: You ain't throwing her out.
Oh, yes, I am. And you with her.
-Go.
-No, you're not.
Yes.
Every week, we put the trash out.
Go.
Then take yourself out
because you're the biggest
piece of trash there is.
ABBY: You can not take
acrobatic class in socks.
I told you to close the (indistinct)
your two-piece costume.
There's a big difference.
How can you remember that
and you can't remember
to turn your feet out?
Huh?
That's pathetic.
Go somewhere else. Take your money,
take your kid, take your socks,
find another school.
Does it not hit in your heart
that maybe you're wrong?
-No.
-Do you not get it?
I don't get it. I know I'm right.
-I'm--
-Why are you right?
-It's my building.
-Why can't--
-My name's on the front.
-So what?
You keep telling her how stupid she is.
-She's not stupid. She just can't read.
-DAWN: It's so--you now--
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Oh.
So you're saying I'm stupid?
-Well--
-Are you?
Ah! Quit chasing me.
I have more education
than you will ever have.
Than you will ever have
because I went to school.
-Unfortunately, you didn't.
-May I have your phone?
Call the police.
Go for it.
-I'm sorry, girls.
-DAWN: Go for it.
There's a psycho in every batch.
A psycho.
Yes. Her name's Abigail Miller.
ABBY: Hi. I need police at 7123 Saltzburg.
You okay, Dawn?
I know, I know. I know.
Are you all right?
-No, I'm not.
-(hushes)
I have an, uh,
a parent that's out of control.
I can't stand her.
Pardon?
She does not have weapons, just her mouth.
(siren blaring)
OFFICER: We just want you
to leave the property, so.
-Yeah. (indistinct)
-OFFICER: All right. You guys out.
Take your daughter somewhere else, then,
if you don't like the dance company here.
(whimsical music playing)
ABBY: On top of the pyramid, number one.
The number one moment
is certainly one for the record books.
I can't believe it even happened.
What you're about to see
surprised even me.
We were at Onstage New York
and we had won the overall high score
of the entire day
and the Mini Critics' Choice Award.
It was a great day.
Everybody was happy.
And then Christi completely lost control.
Never have I seen mothers so unbecoming.
It was ridiculous.
I don't know what Christi was thinking.
I don't know what Christi was drinking.
But I'll tell you what.
She crossed the line.
Watch.
CHRISTI: I am so fed up with the BS.
No one has a chance in hell
of winning against Maddie.
She has two solos.
She already has twice
as good of a chance as anyone else.
MELISSA: I really don't care
what Christi thinks.
She would do anything
for her daughter to win.
I don't do anything
for my daughter to win.
My daughter wins on her own.
ABBY: Woo-hoo!
Abby, I think we need to talk.
ABBY: No, you're not gonna ruin this day.
No. We need to talk, Abby.
In the hallway now.
Are you kidding? I'm a paying client
and you won't speak to me.
No. Nothing's worth that much money.
I think the worst thing
that Christi can do
is talk about me
when her daughter's present.
I could not get Chloe to trust me
if her mother doesn't trust me herself.
MELISSA: I'm so excited for you
-because she got the best award.
-No. We don't want to ruin
the waited victory.
-I'm not ruining today.
-No.
-Abby. We need to go in the hallway.
-What--why is this here?
MELISSA: Don't be doing this in front
of my daughter, Christi.
Abby.
We can all go in the hallway
because I tried to talk to you
-and I tried to talk to you. Personally.
-MELISSA: I'm not talking to you.
-Let's go in the hallway.
-Why are we doing this?
-I'm not going anywhere.
-ABBY LEE MILLER: The children just won.
-My daughter's happy.
-CHRISTI: Let's go in the hallway.
Do you want to talk about all the things
-that need to be talked about?
-Not here.
-Because you won't talk about it
-Not now. This is the weekend.
-and you won't talk about it.
-You're not paying for my time.
You are not paying me.
-You are not paying me.
-Abby, I'm not talking about it,
You're making my daughter cry. So shut up!
-Talk about what?
-And how many times has my daughter
beat your daughter this year?
-Bite my ass.
-We were stacked against everybody
-this weekend because you did it.
-Look, don't you get it?
-Get out of here now.
-Let's go.
-Bitch.
Amazing. Your kids feel bad,
but it doesn't matter
that my daughter feels bad.
Your daughter is holding a national title
and I will take it away in a minute.
CHRISTI: Go ahead and take it away, Abby.
-ABBY: I will.
-I'll leave your studio.
That's fine. Where you gonna go?
HOLLY: I would say the fight
between Abby and Christi
was incredibly embarrassing
and that could've been handled
behind closed doors,
definitely not in front of children.
Even with our issues,
I try to limit the things
I'm saying in front of the kids
because it makes them feel bad.
It makes them feel
self-conscious and awkward.
MELISSA: No. Come with me. Girls.
They are staying with me.
You are uneducated mess.
Quit drinking.
MELISSA: I'm not going
on that (bleep) bus.
-That (bleep) bitch.
-KELLY: Don't cry.
-Don't cry.
-I'm telling you.
Give me a phone.
-CHRISTI: No. She didn't even do her--
-You are out of control.
I'm the (bleep)
for staying in your studio.
-There you go.
-CHRISTI: Then I need to leave.
ABBY: You're done.
Congratulations.
Thank you, sir.
Thank you very much.
How did I get stuck in this?
Hope you enjoyed
this look back at season one.
And watch for season two coming soon.
I promise, you won't be disappointed
(upbeat music playing)
(squealing)
(upbeat music fades)